rick/dee-26-signup-waitlist
We're going to build a feature called sign-up lists that a user of my platform can use to acquire waitlist-style emails from interested prospects. So, the main goal is to collect those lists of people and then to optionally have them go through a survey-style thing that allows the user of my system to collect information from them. Kind of like a type form experience is what we're looking for that doesn't overwhelm them, that just shows them one question at a time with nice React action views, transitions between the components. The goal is to have them identify the questions they want asked using our prompts and then create a form by simply defining the questions and whether or not they're required and also specify the hero HTML, what will the page look like. So, maybe they can drop in some content or styling, or maybe it's even simpler than that. It's just a basic page that looks nice and they just specify the question or the title and description. Maybe we give them just a couple lines like a header and a subheader and then the call to action there to put their email in. And then after they do that, it asks them if they'd like to answer this brief survey that will get them to the top of the list. Instead of asking if they want to do it, just present them with a question, the first question, and say, answering a few questions to put you at the top of the list, simply answer and continue. So, for this, we will want to give them the ability to chat the answer in using our sign-up chat code block that we have. And that will be an option that the user can select. And then, well, the visitor to the page. So maybe it's a default to just filling out the form, but then maybe they can chat. I don't know about that. Why don't you make a recommendation? Maybe the form is easiest. And then when the user is done, they've answered the last question, it'll say thank you. And if the user of Upcyte has specified a redirect URL, it'll redirect them there after, like, three seconds or something. All the data should be saved to a database after every input, so in real time. So we want to upcert the data and save it into a JSONB field. JSONB would be the field type. And call that responses. We want to have a Boolean somewhere to say whether or not it's live. We want to have a slug name that the user can define. And that needs to be unique. So we need to have some uniqueness checking on that when the user defines this. Yeah, so the user will have to go through a setup process to identify and tell us what they're trying to learn. And what the questions are. For now, let's see. Save. Yeah, then save to the people table. Oh, yeah. So I think the responses should be saved in the sign-up list. They should be saved in the sign-up list table, but should also create an entry in the people table of Upcyte. But I think not. Let's leave it in the sign-ups. But in the people index page, let's have an entry or a button that says view the sign-ups on your wait list or something. And then display those in a React data table for viewing that they can then sort and filter off of. Just a simple data table. We already have that imported in the project. And then bonus points if we allow them to export that table to a CSV. And that table should be dynamic. Obviously, the email and any other fields that were collected from the sign-up form.
